---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

**What are your expectations of the class?**

I expect that this class will allow me to continue learning and improving my skills with full-stack development. I believe this class will also provide me with the opportunity to learn more about software design and design patterns. Finally, I expect to gain exposure to an array of new tools that are current and used within the software development lifecycle.

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was very busy and full of different activities. Monday was supposed to be my son's first day of third grade, but with all of the rain from Hurricane Harvey school was canceled and so he began school on Tuesday. Wednesday was the first day of classes for my final semester. Friday morning I had an appointment at the VA early in the morning, but the VA is very slow and so I unfortunately didn't finish my appointment before class started so I missed the second day of class! Since starting classes I have just been working to establish a schedule for studying and homework as well as setting up my laptop with all of the necessary software and tools to be successful in my classes this semester.

**What's in your way?**

I currently have no impediments for this semester.

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I will continue to study for my current classes and work on assignments. This consumes most of my time. What is left is spent hanging out with my son (usually playing legos and talking about Star Wars). I also like to find time to get outdoors as often as possible to go hiking or rock climbing.

**What's my experience of the class?**

I have only attended one class so far because I had an appointment that prevented me from attending class on Friday. The first day of the class was mostly spent discussing the syllabus and necessary information for the structure of the class. However, I got a good impression of what I can expect from this class and I am looking forward to start learning and working through the assignments.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Git is a wonderful tool for version control. There are many different workflows available when using git and this article provides a great overview of several different workflows: [Git Workflows](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows)
