---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week I spent a lot of time working on a project for my Big Data class. For our project in Software Engineering, 
my team was able to get pagination setup with our API and database. Additional endpoints were also created to request a specific 
item by id. After this was implemented, I began working on pagination for the front-end. Using React and Bootstrap, 
I created a component with numbers to move between pages. I also setup a method that will handle requests to our API to get the 
appropriate items for each page.

**What's in your way?**

For the most part, implementing pagination for the front-end has been straight forward. I've had a little trouble dealing 
with properly rendering updated components after the promise-based HTTP requests through axios have completed.

**What will you do next week?**

This upcoming week I would like to finish up the pagination for the front-end and then begin implementing a google-like search for 
web app. I have not created a search component that will interface with an API in this way before, so I expect this will be an interesting 
learning opportunity.

**What's my experience of the class?**

I have continued to have a good experience in this class. The lectures are interesting and engaging and the group project is very rewarding and has provided many great 
opportunities for learning outside of the lecture material.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

I had a lot of different assignments due last week as well as an exam. I found myself getting very stressed and having a more 
difficult time focusing and knowing where to begin with the multiple assignments I needed to work on. There came a point where I had 
to step back and look at the big picture. I made a list of assignments and their respective due dates and used the list to prioritize 
the workload. From there I just took it one assignment and one day at a time until I completed all of my work. So, what's the moral of the 
story? It's easy to get wrapped up in assignments and feel overwhelmed. Befre becoming overwhelmed by stress, stop, breathe, 
prioritize, and take it one step at a time.

