---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This week in SWE the first group project was assigned. The first step was just to find a team of 5 people. I then spent some time reading over the assignment
and understanding the requirements for what we needed to accomplish. I took some time to set up many of the tools my team would be using during this project including
[trello](https://trello.com) and [planitpoker](https://www.planitpoker.com). We will also be using slack and github which two of the other team members set up.
We had our first meeting this week to discuss the topic for our project, the areas of knowledge of each team member and how that would be leveraged during this project, 
and begin creating stories for the first iteration of this project.

**What's in your way?**

We currently have no real impediments at this time. One of the APIs we plan to use did require that we request and API key and we are still waiting to receive the key from them, but
there is other work that can be done in the meantime and that is not currently blocking any other tasks.

**What will you do next week?**

Next week we will begin working through our stories and getting the framework for out web application set up. I have taken the lead on front-end work
and will be creating a simple React application for the first iteration that will eventually drive the User Interface for our web application.

**What's my experience of the class?**

So far the class has been very enjoyable and informative. The quizzes we take at the beginning of each classes sometimes have challenging questions, but 
nothing that is unreasonable for us to be expected to know. The constant dialogue between the professor and students makes the class very engaging and I am very grateful
for the deeper understanding of the inner workings of python that I am getting from the professor's lectures.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

This week, as every group begins laying out the first version of their website, here is a little information on a very important piece to consider, 
[navigation](https://www.webpagefx.com/blog/web-design/choose-navigation-setup/). This is a from a blog I enjoy reading that discusses web design and front-end development.
