---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was very busy. I had a Big Data program due Tuesday, a howework assignment for Software Design due Wednesday, and 
a test for Software Engineering Thursday evening. I spent most of my time preparing for the exam which consisted of reviewing the quizzes 
and lecture notes as well as writing python to gain a better understanding of topics discussed during class. Going into the exam I felt 
very confident. I chose to work through the multiple choice portion of the test first and I did very well on that section. When I got to 
the coding section of the exam which was conducted on HackerRank I quickly realized I was not adequately prepared. I struggled with some 
part of each of the four challenges we were given.

**What's in your way?**

Currently no impediments.

**What will you do next week?**

Next week, my primary focus will be working on the front-end for our web application and the second phase of our group project. There
are still a couple React components that need to be written. After all of the components are in place I will setup axios within the project 
as our HTTP client so that we can start leveraging our API and populating the front-end with data.

**What's my experience of the class?**

So far I am still really enjoying the class, but the first exam was not great. I was adequately prepared for the multiple choice section of the test 
and did very well on it. However, I was not as prepared as I should have been for the HackerRank section of the test. I did a lot of programming 
prior to the exam to cover the topics discussed in class and focused on the challenges being similar in difficulty to what we were given during the practice test.
I feel the questions given during the test were significantly more challenging and complex than what was given during the practice exam. It would be very nice 
for the next exam to have practice questions/ challenges that accurately reflected the difficulty of what will be expected of us on the exam.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

I read a nice article about user stories, different approaches to writing them, and how they can develop into actionable tasks. 
Check it out! [An agile leader's guide to writing user stories](https://techbeacon.com/agile-leaders-guide-writing-user-stories)
