---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was all about implementing a google-like search for our web app. My group discussed our design and given the size of our dataset
determined that we would like to implement the heavy lifting of this search on the front-end. I started by building a search component 
that would be responsible for rendering the search bar to the UI, managing the search terms that were input by storing them in its state, 
finding search results, and finally passing those results on to the SearchResults page (or component). I used the fuse.js package to assist 
with searching through the JSON objects after collecting the data from our API. Deciding how the search results page should look and 
trying to get everything formatted nicely was an interesting challenge, but I am very satisfied with the way it turned out.
Finally, I had to ensure the search term was highlighted in all of the search results. I was able to accomplish this with the help of 
another package called react-highlight-words.


**What's in your way?**

I have found a few interesting bugs when viewing the website on mobile that I would like to resolve. Additionally, caching happening between 
Google App Engine and Chrome has been a consistent problem. I haven't had any issues viewing the site with Safari or Mozilla, but for some 
reason there are some strange issues in Chrome that I am still working to resolve.

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I will begin studying and preparing for the exam. I will also look at the specs for the next deliverable of our web app and 
begin prioritizing and working through some of those issues.


**What's my experience of the class?**

The class is very enjoyable and full of interesting learning opportunities.


**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

This is a nice article talking about some psychology behind important parts of Web Design and UI and how choices 
made by developers and designers can greatly impact user experience. https://thenextweb.com/dd/2017/11/08/psychology-web-design/
