---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week was all about finishing up the second phase of our web application. This phase was due Thursday night and I knew I still had quite a bit of
work left to do going into the week. I also had a test in my software design class on Monday of last week. I spent most of the weekend studying for my test and knocking out other homework that was due this week.
As soon as my test was over, I hit the ground running and started knocking out stories to wrap up the required deliverables for this phase.

**What's in your way?**

I have another test on Tuesday of this week as well as several other homework assignments due for other classes.

**What will you do next week?**

I will continue to develop and improve the front-end of our web application this week. My primary focus for the upcoming week will 
to improve performance and loading time.

**What's my experience of the class?**

I am glad that we are discussing SQL now. I have always found it interesting, but have not had a lot of opportunities to work with it 
and learn about it yet. I took a database management course a couple of semesters ago and learned about relational algebra. We discussed 
that prior to moving onto SQL in this class, which was a nice refresher of what I had previously learned.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

This idea just seems crazy to me... strangers in my home? Ok, I know, there's going to be a camera and I can watch, etc. I'm still not 
sure I can get on board with this idea though. [In home delivery](http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/25/technology/business/amazon-key-delivery/index.html)


