---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**What did you do this past week?**

I spent a lot of time last week working through small bugs I had found in the front-end as well as cleaning pre-existing code by removing unnecessary console logging and improving comments. After cleaning and debugging I spent some time making the filtering functionality a little more robust and efficient. When all of that was finished I began combing through the front-end components and refactoring to reduce redundant code and avoid unnecessary repetitive calculations in child components that only needed to be computed once by their parent.

**What's in your way?**

There is currently nothing in the way of completing the last phase of the project. I just need to meet with my team, review all of the tasks that still need to be completed, and prioritize the work to ensure everything will get completed on time.

**What will you do next week?**

This upcoming week I will most likely continue to refactor code and make optimizations where it is possible to provide the best user experience that we can. Additionally, this week we will refine our documentation to ensure everything is as clear and concise as possible. When all of that is finished, we can begin working on our final presentation for the project.

**What's my experience of the class?**

This class has been very challenging and rewarding. I feel as though I have learned a lot from the lectures and the group project.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

 My pick for this week looks to the future. Boston Dynamics progress with their robot Atlas, a very dynamic humanoid, is very impressive. There is obviously still a ways to go before these robots are standard in every household. It is both amazing, and a little scary, to watch as concepts from science-fiction movies of my childhood become science, non-fiction, realities. Are there robot overlords in our future? Learn more about Atlas here: [Atlas](https://www.bostondynamics.com/atlas)
