---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**What did you do this past week?**

The first group project was due this week. This project was the first of four phases in building a full-stack web application that will serve as an
internet database for beers and will be loosely modeled in the style of [IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/). My team spent this week putting together the final
pieces and finalizing stories to ensure we met all requirements for our first deliverable. The most challenging part for this phase was creating
the 2,500 word technical report. However, the team met remotely and collaborated very effectively on the report to ensure that it was throrough and complete.

**What's in your way?**

We currently don't have anything blocking us from continuing to move forward with the development of our web application.

**What will you do next week?**

I originally planned to create a React application for our front-end during phase 1. However, after clarification on the requirements for phase 1
it was determined that React was not necessary for the first iteration. As a result, we determined to put React on the backlog for our next iteration
and focus on other tasks. Now that we have begun the second iteration, I will work this week to integrate React with our application and start building 
components.

**What's my experience of the class?**

Python, iterables, and iterators, oh my! This week we discussed differences between iterators, iterables, the containers they work on and some of the nuances
of how different containers react to, or implement, each.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Communication! Communication is key to being successful in life. While working as part of a team trying to build something together, especially when it
does not require individuals to be present with a physical object to create it (i.e. software development), good communication is essential
to the success of the project. Poor communication can lead to duplicating work, resulting in lost time, required work not being completed, resulting in additional
time being added to project completion, and overall the potential failure of a project. There are many ways to encourage communication between team members
and track the work that needs to be completed. Which approach is best is a topic that will continue to be debated, but whatever you do,
establish a process for communication and collaboration.
