---
layout: post
title: Final Post
---

**Overall Course Evaluation**

By and large, this was an excellent course. I truly believe that graduating with a degree in CS from UT without taking this course would be a mistake.
This is quite possibly the best course and professor I've had since arriving at UT. Ok, I know what you're thinking now, quit sucking up just 
becuase the professor will read this. Here's the truth, I'm not writing this for the professor, I'm writing it for any future student who is 
considering taking this course and still on the fence. Let me take a minute to break down my reasoning a little more.


***Lectures vs. Projects***

I will be clear up front, the lectures and projects have little to no overlap. Professor Downing even states this on the first day of class.
Admittedly, I wish the lectures were more closely related to the project and went more in depth on software engineering topics: Software Design, Software Testing, Software Development Process, etc. We were assigned many great articles to read which discussed a multitude 
of topics in Software Engineering. I believe many of these could have been discussed at greater length including development methodologies 
such as Waterfall and Agile. However, the lectures were still very informative, they just left a lot of learning to be done outside of class 
in order to complete the group project. Even though much of the information needed to complete the projects was required to be self-taught 
I still learned a great deal and in reallity with the everchanging world of software development being able to self teach new tools and languages 
is a must.

***Phases of the Course***

The way I see it there were 3 primary phases of the lectures during the course: Python, SQL, and Design Patterns.
The python section was very in depth and I learned minute details about python I will probably never use again. A lot of it was very interesting 
but I felt the granulalrity of which we were learning python belonged in a Python course not a Software Engineering course.
The SQL section was not quite as in depth. The explanations were very clear and informative. The Design Patterns lectures moved very quickly and 
were at times difficult to follow, but upon reviewing the lecture notes and practicing some of the patterns had a lot of valuable information.
I learned a great deal during all of the lectures, but I do believe they were slightly out of scope for this course.

***Group Project***

The bread and butter of the course, the reason every CS student should take this class. The group project is to create a full stack web application and is delivered in 4 phases. The requirements for each phase force the groups to design in ways similar to what can be expected at a job or internship doing software development.

***Tests***

The test was split into two parts: multiple choice (100 pts), and 3 questions on hacker rank (100 pts). The multiple choice was very straight forward and came directly from the lectures and readings. As long as you went to class, the multiple choice was not a problem. The coding section was significantly more challenging for me. I spent the majority of my time working on the group project developing the front-end using Javascript. Leading up to the test, I practiced coding in python and working on many of the topics discussed in class. But, The questions on hacker rank required an understanding of python deeper than I had, so I did not do very well on this section of the test.

***In Conclusion***
This class is not perfect; is there such a thing? While it's true there are some areas I feel could be improved such as the test and some of the topics covered in lecture, I truly believe this is an excellent course and I'm glad I took it. Furthermore, I would highly recommend it to anyone majoring in CS and if I could go back in time, knowing what I know now, I would absolutely take this class again.



