---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**

I spent the past week reviewing some of the concepts I struggled with on the test. I also worked on several stories for this 
iteration of our web application. The main thing I accomplished was creating new components that will be used to dynamically load 
from our backend and display them in the browser.

**What's in your way?**

The majority of my weekend was spent studying for a test I have Monday, which slowed my progress on developing the web app. After the test 
is over I just need to jump right back in and finish my tasks before the assignment is due on Thursday.

**What will you do next week?**

This upcoming week, I will complete the remaining components needed to display the data as desired. I will also setup axios so that 
the frontend can make http requests to our API and gather the data that needs to be displayed.

**What's my experience of the class?**

Overall, the class has been very enjoyable and I have learned a lot. We are currently implementing relation algebra and database queries 
with python which is an interesting introduction to SQL and how to query information from a "database".

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

This week's tip is short and simple. Take breaks. It is very easy to hyper-focus on a problem and spend way too long stuck. Even if 
you're not stuck it is easy to get sucked into something you are working on and forget to look at the big picture. Once an hour, stand up,
step away from the computer, and do something else for at least 10 minutes.
