---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**What did you do this past week?**

With the beginning of new classes that each have their own requirements, I spent a lot of time last week downloading and setting up software as well as different environments on my computer to accomplish all of the tasks required in each class.
Once I was finished getting everything set up, I spent a decent amount of time working on different assignments. I am taking Big Data this semester and I have never worked with Hadoop before. It took me a little while to get it installed on my local machine
and learn how to use it from the command line. After getting it installed and learning to use it I was able to successfully run my first MapReduce program.
I also spent a decent amount of time on my first project for Software Engineering. In order to get started with this assignment I had to get several repos setup on github and 
and integrate Travis CI with those repos. I have worked with repos that had CI already setup before, but I had never set it up myself before. This provided an interesting and valuable learning experience.

**What's in your way?**

I have no true impediments at this time other than time itself. I do have a lot of work that needs to be done this week, but aside from making the time to do it, there is nothing that will prevent me from doing so.

**What will you do next week?**

I have several assignments due in different classes this week that I will be working on. The first project for Software Engineering is due on Thursday of this week. I have written my first simple solution to solve the problem so I will spend time this week working to optimize my solution.

**What's my experience of the class?**

So far the class has been very enjoyable; the lectures are interesting and engaging. The first project has given me the opportunity to work with tools I have not used before such as Travis CI. Prior to this class I had not written a lot of python so I am definitely looking forward to gaining more familiarity with the language, as well as how to
write unit tests and documentation for python.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Git Rebase: This is a feature of Git that is often not well understood or used. When properly understood, git rebase can be very helpful. One of my favorite beinefits from using git rebase is the ability to "squash" commits and make the commit log much cleaner. Here is a great link to learn more about [Git Rebase](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/merging-vs-rebasing).

