---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Last week my primary focus was to get a jump start on the second phase of our project. The first step to launching the second iteration of our
web application [brewtiful.world](http://brewtiful.world/) was to integrate react. My original plan was to add the necessary dependencies for React.js
and then begin breaking out sections of HTML into React components. I very quickly realized that I wanted to be able to use JSX and ES6 
and therefore needed to setup Babel to transile the code. I then realized if I was going that route it would also be nice to setup webpack
to bundle modules. As I began setting this up, I realized this was a very tedious and time consuming task that I could accomplish in less than 10 minutes
by using create-react-app. So, I built out a new app with create-react-app and then pulled the original website into the new React app.
From there it was pretty simple to extract pieces of HTML and setup React components. I was able to get the app up and running with React before the end
of the week and my team is now ready to add more components and start pulling in data for a dynamic web application.

**What's in your way?**

I have a test this Thursday in Software Engineering, so I will spend most of my time over the next few days studying and preparing for the test.
I will most likely not get much work done on the website until after taking the test Thursday.

**What will you do next week?**

Next week I will resume work on the web application. My team has not had a planning session for the next iteration of the project yet, so 
I am not sure what work will be prioritized for the next couple weeks. We will have a planning session soon and I will be able to determine 
what work I will be doing next at that time.

**What's my experience of the class?**

Iterables, iterators, and generators, oh my! I believe at this point I have learned far more about all of the iterables in Python than I 
ever expected I would. It has been very interesting learning about all of the sublteties of iteration with different containers. 
I am really enjoying working on the group project.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Flying vehicles for everyday transportation is becoming less science fiction and closer to reality everyday. That's right, within 
the next 10 years you may be hopping into a fully autonomous flying taxi to get across town: [Flying Taxi](https://www.engadget.com/2017/10/05/airbus-flying-taxi-concept-on-track-to-make-first-flight-in-2018/).
