---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Last week was incredibly busy with multiple assignments for different classes all being due at the same time. I had a programming assignment for Big Data due on Tuesday as well as two significant programming assignments due on Thursday 
and a homework assignment due Friday. I did not intend for them to pile up and end up cramming to get them in last minute. However, I am still familiarizing myself with the coursework, required development environments, and workflow for each class. 
Because I am still trying to get a good workflow down for each of my courses and find the best way to manage my time for the workload in each course I ended up scrambling to get all of the assignments turned in on time.
I did manage to get everything submitted on time and have plans for how I will better manage time on with upcoming assignments.

**What's in your way?**

As stated above, the largest impediment currently is determining the best way to manage my time so that I can effectively complete the coursework for all of my classes.

**What will you do next week?**

I have several assignments due for Software Design and Big Data that will consume most of my time this week. I'm not sure when the next project will be assigned for Software Engineering, but I want to make sure that I begin on that project as early as possible so that I am not rushing to get it complete before the due date.
Until the next project gets assigned, I will continue to do the weekly readings and study the material discussed in class.

**What's my experience of the class?**

The class has been incredibly informative. I had very little python experience prior to beginning this class and I feel that I am learning and becoming more familiar with the language very quickly.
I really enjoy Professor Downing's lecture style. I was told before taking this class that he would cold call on students during lecture to ask questions.
I really did not think I would enjoy that style of lecture, but I was completely wrong; I have found it to be very engaging. When called on to answer a question it feels like a one-on-one discussion rather than
a quiz and the professor never shames anyone who does not know an answer, he simply uses that moment as a springboard for a quick lesson and further discussion of the topic.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

I do my best to stay current with what is happening in the world of technology. Obviously, this is a very large umbrella that encompasses a field
where a lot of technologies are being rapidly devleoped, changed, and innovated. [TechNewsWorld](http://www.technewsworld.com/) is one source that samples many different
subcategories of technology and provides many well-written articles.
